# Capstone-project-Chen
For my project i will be working on a multiplayer online connect 4 game potentially, that uses HTML/CSS and javascript for the client side of things. While on the
Server side it uses python flask and websockets, When it comes to creating the rooms, lobies, etc. Also have a database of records be stored every time a new player joins the lobby under certain pretenses, potentially using mySql, SQlite, or maybe mongodb even.
Here's the link for the milestone 1 video:
https://cdnapisec.kaltura.com/index.php/extwidget/preview/partner_id/2370711/uiconf_id/42909941/entry_id/1_cqz3q6um/embed/dynamic
# Milestone 3:
Currently I have updated the game to connect the lobby to the connect 4 game when entering in a username to join in on singleplayer. Which allows this player to play the connect 4 game, and everytime they click the tile on the console it will tell you which row and column the red and yellow piece have been inserted in. Also for my plan on the next milestone, have two players be able to join on different computers, so they can have control over which piece they place when clicking on different cells for the board.
Milestone 3 video:
https://cdnapisec.kaltura.com/index.php/extwidget/preview/partner_id/2370711/uiconf_id/42909941/entry_id/1_1luwe1vn/embed/dynamic
# Milestone 4:
Allowed players to select the color pieces they want for the connect 4 board game in a multiplayer setting. So if they click red, they are selected to be player immediately and if not, they will be selected to be yellow. Which along with that somethings have been updated to what goes into the console for messages and such for when the connect 4 game updates, using the game state supposedly. But as of right now, for what i'm gonna do for my part for the final is hopefully have a more stylized version of the game lobby using bootstrap, and an implementation of a lobby system where only 2 players can join the game due to a current issue that i have with the system, as explained in video. But yeah, hopefully in all the progress that i had been making over this semester and what i been learning while doing this, has been pretty interesting so far.
Milestone 4 video:
https://cdnapisec.kaltura.com/index.php/extwidget/preview/partner_id/2370711/uiconf_id/42909941/entry_id/1_0mu4gq9m/embed/dynamic
# Final Milestone:
Fixed how many players were allowed to join using a room code. Things that were wished to be done but didn't have time to for online connect 4 was chatrooms and Bootstrap. 
<iframe id="kaltura_player" src="https://cdnapisec.kaltura.com/p/2370711/sp/237071100/embedIframeJs/uiconf_id/42909941/partner_id/2370711?iframeembed=true&playerId=kaltura_player&entry_id=1_8b3y9zf8&flashvars[streamerType]=auto&amp;flashvars[localizationCode]=en&amp;flashvars[sideBarContainer.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[sideBarContainer.position]=left&amp;flashvars[sideBarContainer.clickToClose]=true&amp;flashvars[chapters.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[chapters.layout]=vertical&amp;flashvars[chapters.thumbnailRotator]=false&amp;flashvars[streamSelector.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[EmbedPlayer.SpinnerTarget]=videoHolder&amp;flashvars[dualScreen.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[hotspots.plugin]=1&amp;flashvars[Kaltura.addCrossoriginToIframe]=true&amp;&wid=1_rcuiliw9" width="608" height="342" allowfullscreen webkitallowfullscreen mozAllowFullScreen allow="autoplay *; fullscreen *; encrypted-media *" sandbox="allow-downloads allow-forms allow-same-origin allow-scripts allow-top-navigation allow-pointer-lock allow-popups allow-modals allow-orientation-lock allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox allow-presentation allow-top-navigation-by-user-activation" frameborder="0" title="Kaltura Capture recording - May 10th 2023, 11:06:53 pm"></iframe> 
